docs: Fix typos and minor editorial updates (#16233)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/notifications/services/awssqs.md

### Minimal configuration using AWS Env variables

> Ensure following list of environmental variable is injected via OIDC, or other method. And assuming SQS is local to the account.

Reviewer: Personally, "environment variable " sounds better to me.

> Ensure following list of environmental variable is injected via OIDC, or other method. And assuming SQS is local to the account.

Reviewer: Personally, "environment variable " sounds better to me.

Author: ah fully agree!

Author: Updated; in fact it also should have been made plural, so just improved the wording.  Thanks for the feedback @zeusal !

> Ensure the following list of environment variables is injected via OIDC, or other method. And assuming SQS is local to the account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure the following list of environment variables are injected via OIDC, or another method. And assuming SQS is local to the account.
```
